H265REPACK(1)
.SH Name
     H265Repack - repack videos to HEVC

.SH SYNOPSIS
H265Repack
.I <source> <target> <extension> [crf] [-preset] 

.SH DESCRIPTION
     H265Repack is a script for converting video files to HEVC (H.265) 
     format using hardware acceleration. It supports both individual 
     files and directories containing multiple video files. The script 
     allows the user to specify a CRF (Constant Rate Factor) value 
     and a preset for the compression.

     The script uses ffmpeg for the conversion process and can handle a 
     variety of video formats. It also detects and retains the color 
     range of the source video. This makes the conversion process 
     efficient while maintaining video quality.

.SH REQUIRED ARGUMENTS
     source
         The source file or directory containing video files to be 
         converted.

     target
         The target file or directory where the converted video(s) will 
         be saved.

     extension
         The target file extension for the converted video(s). Common 
         extensions include 'mp4', 'mkv', etc.

.SH OPTIONAL ARGUMENTS
     crf
         The CRF (Constant Rate Factor) value for the conversion 
         process. Valid values are 0 to 51, or quality 
         descriptors:
             Poor      - CRF 40
             Fair      - CRF 30
             Good      - CRF 23
             Excellent - CRF 18
             Superb    - CRF 15

     preset
         The quality preset for the conversion process. Valid values 
         are:
             1 - ultrafast
             2 - superfast
             3 - veryfast
             4 - faster
             5 - fast
             6 - medium (default)
             7 - slow
             8 - slower
             9 - veryslow
            10 - placebo

.SH USAGE
     To convert a single file:
         H265Repack source_file.mp4 target_file_name mkv 5 Good

     To convert all video files in a directory:
         H265Repack /path/to/source_dir /path/to/target_dir mkv 5 Good

.SH EXAMPLES
     Convert a single file using default settings:
         H265Repack input.mp4 output mkv

     Convert all files in a directory with CRF 30 and medium preset:
         H265Repack /videos/source /videos/target mp4 fair 5

.SH FILES
     The script searches for video files with the following extensions: 
     .3gp, .asf, .avi, .flv, .m2ts, .mkv, .mov, .mp4, .mpeg, .mpg, .ogv,
     .rm, .ts, .vob, .webm, .wmv

.SH TROUBLESHOOTING
     If the conversion process fails, ensure that the source file 
     format is supported and that ffmpeg is correctly installed on 
     your system. Also see 'Update'

.SH Update
     To check for and apply the latest updates for H265Repack, use the following command:

          H265Repack --update

     This command not only updates the H265Repack executable but also ensures that all dependencies (Homebrew, FFmpeg, and jq) are up to date.

.SH SEE ALSO
     ffmpeg(1)

.SH AUTHOR
     Written by theBluWiz

.SH LICENSE
     This script is licensed under the GNU General Public License, version 3. For more details, see <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/gpl-2.0.html>.
